en(英語):
random cook: we need more meat
クリスピー(kurispi): I go to the basement for meat
*クリスピー(kurispi) go downstairs*
クリスピー(kurispi):wait that's not...!THE CROSS OF EMERARUDO!
*クリスピー(kurispi)*walks towards the cross*
クリスピー(kurispi): why is it here, I thought it was just a myth, I'm going to try to do the ritual.
*クリスピー(kurispi)*does the ritual saying 5 times ああ、エメラルドの神よ、私の前に姿を現してください/ (I mean (Aaaa, emerarudo no kamiyo) kamiyoe watairaware)
*waits 3 seconds...*
クリスピー(kurispi): I was excited, nothing happened...! Wait, what are those white bodies!
bomber: what happened?! are we alive?!
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): well, apparently yes
クリスピー(kurispi): seriously, are you?!!!
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): oh, so you summoned us, thank you. we were trapped for 1000 years in the lost temple
クリスピー(kurispi): THE LOST TEMPLE!
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): that's right, the lost temple, where the great emerarudo treasure is, sorry, we didn't introduce ourselves, my name is ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo), and he's a bomber
bomber: hello!
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): we need your help
クリスピー(kurispi): for what?
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): I will tell you the story of ミスター・アンビシャス(mistaa anbishsu) there you will understand everything
He was an ambitious person who wanted to be the king of the whole world, so he went to get the emerald boat
but the emerald gods killed him for touching the emerald, but he was strong, so when he died, he took three of them with him.
the five gods to death, we are the only ones left of the gods, only a human can do the ritual
to revive them, come on, we need you
クリスピー(kurispi): but where will we do the ritual?
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo):in the temple
cook random: クリスピー(kurispi)!!!, you're already late!!!
クリスピー(kurispi): wait! hide, I'll be here in a bit, I'm coming!!! *grabs the meat and leaves*
...later...
クリスピー(kurispi): I'm here
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): you were already late, hey, by the way, where will we go to the temple?
クリスピー(kurispi): how many days will it take us to come and go?
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): about 40 days
クリスピー(kurispi): WHATEEEE!!!?, well, we'll leave in an electric boat that will make things faster, I'll close the place for 20 days
while we go, where is the temple?
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): well... how can I tell you?... in the eye of the storm, exactly in the forest of hell
クリスピー(kurispi):WHAT!!!? Isn't it the most dangerous place on the western island?!!!
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): Exactly, but, hey? Wasn't he from the Asian-Island union?
クリスピー (kurispi): true, you are from a thousand years ago, look, I'll tell you... 300 years ago those who wanted to be socialists and communists
They became independent, leaving the capitalist side as the western island, the communist as the eastern island and the socialist
as a neutral island and as a border between the western and eastern islands, each with a coin, the western island
with the rutero, eastern island with the puis and neutral island with the sociolo
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): oh, now I understand, well, what state is he in?
クリスピー(kurispi): In the sea between debos and seed islands, the problem is that there is an area where radioactive gases
They are abundant, and we do not have anti-radiation suits, nor gas masks
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): I'll take care of getting the mask, you get supplies, your bomber gets the suit
クリスピー(kurispi)y bomber:OK!
bomber: *in the south parni forest* I know, I'll make my own mask, but what will I use to make the filter?...
I KNOW! I will place some plants on a lid and they will generate
air, for the eyes I will use some fishing nets that I found in the sea, for the rest of cow leather and
To put it on I'll use a rope...perfect.
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo):*at the farm*I think that with an agricultural overalls it's fine, I'll take it
クリスピー(kurispi):*in the fridge*(whispering) don't let them see me, please don't let them see me
removing 60Kg of meat,*3 seconds later*and with this is enough, now I will meet with the boys.
クリスピー(kurispi):*on the boat* I'm ready, I'm here, now to wait for them, 20 minutes later...
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo):ufff! we arrived
クリスピー(kurispi): about time, well, wait, oh no...
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): what's up?
クリスピー (kurispi): I forgot that they were repairing the boat and that it doesn't have gasoline, the problem is that it needs 100,000 liters
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): I'll take care of the oil, we can wait
クリスピー(kurispi): okay
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): where do I get oil?
クリスピー(kurispi): in the southern gulf
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): ok, I'm going right now, bomber and クリスピー (kurispi), go get iron, we'll make a machine to make gasoline
クリスピー(kurispi) and bomber: got it!
5 minutes later...
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo):!guys!I found oil
クリスピー(kurispi): how many liters is that?!!!
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo):about 10000
クリスピー(kurispi): in a place?!!!
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): that's right
クリスピー(kurispi): wow, we already made the machine with ovens, boards and cement, it works with fire
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo):ok
30 minutes later...
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): I already found what I needed, 200,000lts
クリスピー(kurispi): perfect, meet at the port on the southern border
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo) and bomber: got it!
10 minutes later...
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): we're here
クリスピー(kurispi): okay, I'll turn on the machine, *turns it on*
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): it works, I'll put the oil, *put all the oil*
クリスピー(kurispi): well, wait, who is he
ダイヤモンド(daiyamondo): It can't be! IT'S ファラオ・ファシロ(farao fashiro)!
クリスピー(kurispi): is that good or bad
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): in between, since it gives you powers, but in exchange for 1/6 of your life, if you don't accept it, you will never
will offer the powers again
クリスピー(kurispi): is he mute?
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): yes, then, do you accept or not?
クリスピー(kurispi): I accept
*explodes ファラオ・ファシロ(farao fashiro)*
クリスピー(kurispi): WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM?!!!
ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo): he gave you the powers, the thing he does after you accept is the power he gave you, it seems you
Gave the god level power of X線ビジョン(X-ssen biyon) that makes you shoot lightning from your eyes
クリスピー(kurispi): unbelievable, now all we can do is wait...
End.